<title>Change Log</title>

<a name="0_22"></a>
<h2>Changes for Version 0.22.0 (pending)</h2>

<a name="0_21"></a>
<h2>Changes for Version 0.21.0 (2025-04-17)</h2>
  *  Sz encoding changed (LINK-* -> LINK, lists, descriptions, block BLOBs,
     tables and its cells got attributes; cell attributes now defines cell
     alignment).
  *  Add API call to retrieve external references from a zettel.
  *  Move some code to package t73f.de/r/zsx

<a name="0_20"></a>
<h2>Changes for Version 0.20.0 (2025-03-07)</h2>
  *  Add Zettelmarkup-Parser that translates to sz expressions
  *  Add domain specific data structure from main zettelstore
  *  <code>client.QueryZettelData</code> will support the new encoding of
     result lists. This make the client incompatible to version 0.19.

<a name="0_19"></a>
<h2>Changes for Version 0.19.0 (2024-12-13)</h2>
  *  Remove support for rename operation; removed all associated constants
  *  Make quote handling in shtml public, to be used by other encoders
  *  shtml generates external links with rel attribute
  *  Add some input handling methods
  *  Enhance docs for api/client

<a name="0_18"></a>
<h2>Changes for Version 0.18.0 (2024-07-11)</h2>
  *  Add client method <code>GetApplicationZid</code> to retrieve the zettel
     identifier of an configuration zettel for a specific application.
  *  Rename to be package <code>t73f.de/r/zsc</code>
  *  Reserve some zettel identifier for future use
  *  Mark <code>client.Client.RenameZettel</code> as deprecated
  *  Remove space node from (Sx-) AST

<a name="0_17"></a>
<h2>Changes for Version 0.17.0 (2024-03-04)</h2>
  *  Generic GET method for HTTP client.
  *  Adapt to sz changes; see manual for current syntax.
  *  Got some packages from Zettelstore, for general use.

<a name="0_16"></a>
<h2>Changes for Version 0.16.0 (2023-11-30)</h2>
  *  Refactor shtml transformator to support evaluating the language tree of a
     zettel AST. Its API has been changes, since evaluation is now top-down,
     where previous transformation was bottom.up.
  *  Add API call to retrieve role zettel.
  *  Added constants for role zettel and to mark text within zettelmarkup.

<a name="0_15"></a>
<h2>Changes for Version 0.15.0 (2023-10-26)</h2>
  *  Tag zettel: API, constant values
  *  Refactorings b/c Sx

<a name="0_14"></a>
<h2>Changes for Version 0.14.0 (2023-09-23)</h2>
  *  Remove support for JSON encoding

<a name="0_13"></a>
<h2>Changes for Version 0.13.0 (2023-08-07)</h2>
  *  API uses plain data or sx data, but no JSON encoded data.
  *  Dependency sx is now hosted on Fossil repository, same for this library.

<a name="0_12"></a>
<h2>Changes for Version 0.12.0 (2023-06-05)</h2>
  *  Rename "sexpr" to "sz".

<a name="0_11"></a>
<h2>Changes for Version 0.11.0 (2023-03-27)</h2>
  *  Remove all zjson related declarations.
  *  Generate HTML via SxHTML, not manually and direct.

<a name="0_10"></a>
<h2>Changes for Version 0.10.0 (2023-01-24)</h2>
  *  Add query key <tt>parseonly</tt> and two encoding names (plain, json) to
     allow to merge various API endpoints into <tt>/z</tt>
  *  Client method do not use endpoints <tt>/j, /m, /q, /p, /v</tt> any more.
     They are merged into endpoint <tt>/z</tt>. Use this client only with
     Zettelstore v0.10.0 or better.
     (breaking)

<a name="0_9"></a>
<h2>Changes for Version 0.9.0 (2022-12-12)</h2>
  *  Rename <tt>api.QueryKeyDepth</tt> to <tt>api.QueryKeyCost</tt>
  *  Update encode / syntax names

<a name="0_6"></a>
<h2>Changes for Version 0.6.0 (2022-08-11)</h2>
  *  Add support to build URLs with search expressions
  *  Use Go 1.19
  *  Fix some bugs

<a name="0_5"></a>
<h2>Changes for Version 0.5.1 (2022-08-08)</h2>
  *  Support for search references
     (minor: api, zjson, sexpr, html)

<h2>Changes for Version 0.5 (2022-07-29)</h2>
  *  Initial public release.
