<title>ZSC</title>

This repository contains Go client software to
access [https://zettelstore.de|Zettelstore] via its API.

<h3>Latest Release: 2.0.0 (2026-03-06)</h3>
  *  [./changes.wiki#2_0|Change summary]
  *  [/timeline?p=v2.0.0&bt=v1.0.0.0&y=ci|Check-ins for version 2.0],
     [/vdiff?to=v2.0.0&from=v1.0.0|content diff]
  *  [/timeline?df=v2.0.0&y=ci|Check-ins derived from the 2.0 release],
     [/vdiff?from=v2.0.0&to=trunk|content diff]
  *  [/timeline?t=release|Timeline of all past releases]

<h2>Usage instructions</h2>

To import this library into your own [https://go.dev/|Go] software, you need to
run the <code>go get</code> command. Since Go does not handle non-standard
software and platforms well, some additional steps are required.

First, install the version control system [https://fossil-scm.org|Fossil],
which is a superior alternative to Git in many use cases. Fossil is just a
single executable, nothing more. Make sure it is included in your system's
command search path.

Then, run the following Go command to retrieve a specific version of
this library:

<code>GOVCS=t73f.de:fossil go get t73f.de/r/zsc@HASH</code>

Here, <code>HASH</code> represents the commit hash value of the version you
want to use. For example, version 2.0.0 has the commit hash value
<code>d191307f2b</code>. Use above timeline of past releases to obtain the
correct hash value.

Go currently does not seem to support software versioning for projects managed
by Fossil. This is why the hash value is required. However, this method works
reliably.
